doc: rewrite action README (#253)
denoland/deployctl: action/README.md

      id-token: write # required
      contents: read
    steps:
      # your steps here...
```

### Inputs

```yaml
- name: Deploy to Deno Deploy
  uses: denoland/deployctl@v1
  with:
    # Name of the project on Deno Deploy
    # Required.
    project:

    # Entrypoint location executed by Deno Deploy
    # The entrypoint can be a relative path or an absolute URL.
    # If it is a relative path, it will resolved relative to the `root` directory.
    # Required.
    entrypoint:

    # Root directory to deploy
    # All files in this directory will be deployed.
    # Optional. Default is "process.cwd()"
    root:

    # Filter which files to include in the deployment
    # Optional.
    include:

    # Filter which files to exclude in the deployment
    # Optional.
    exclude:

    # Location of an import map
    # Must be relative to root directory
    # Optional.
    import-map:
```

## Examples

### Deploy everything

```yaml
- name: Deploy to Deno Deploy
  uses: denoland/deployctl@v1
  with:
    project: my-project
    entrypoint: main.ts
```

### Deploy a directory

```yaml
- name: Deploy to Deno Deploy
  uses: denoland/deployctl@v1
  with:
    project: my-project

>     entrypoint: main.ts # the entrypoint must be relative to the root directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    entrypoint: main.ts # the entrypoint is relative to the root directory (path/to/your/directory/main.ts)
```

    root: path/to/your/directory
```

### Filter content with `include` and `exclude`

```yaml
- name: Deploy to Deno Deploy
  uses: denoland/deployctl@v1
  with:
    project: my-project
    entrypoint: main.ts # the entrypoint must be relative to the root directory
    include: |
      main.ts
      dist
    exclude: |

>       **/node_modules

Reviewer: globs are not supported in the GH action 😢

```

> ### Use external entrypoint

Reviewer: It would be interesting to talk about the specific file_server use case, or just link to the tutorial (https://docs.deno.com/deploy/tutorials/static-site)
